hey everybody over at movieclips I'm
Kristian harloff and you should know
right off the bat this is a spoiler
heavy video if you have not watched the
force awakens there is no reason for you
to watch this video if you don't want to
know what happened in the movie that
being said these are the burning
questions we have after watching the
force awakens
alright one of the questions we had
going into episode 7 was kylo Ren indeed
either a Skywalker or a solo it turns
out he was he is the son of Princess
Leia and Han Solo Ben solo why did he
turn to the dark side will we get more
history on kylo Ren why he did what he
did he's having a battle within himself
that he wants to turn to the light side
what is it about Snoke
that keeps getting him to do these
dastardly deeds doesn't want to be like
Darth Vader so badly that he is that he
just just continuing down the dark side
as being an awakening have you felt it
Supreme Leader Snoke the ominous figure
in this movie who is a giant hologram
where is this guy who is this guy
what is his agenda we know from this
movie that he is the one that turned Ben
solo kylo Ren to the dark side why how
what is his plan who is this guy how
long has he been around there are so
many questions about Supreme Leader
Snoke that everyone's gonna want to know
you don't bring one of the best
performance capture just actors in
general to play a role like this if
you're not gonna have more depth and I
think we're gonna get more depth from
Supreme Leader Snoke in Episode eight
but the question is why and what is the
agenda
who are you I'm no one let's talk about
Ray she is by far my favorite character
in this new movie there are a lot of
questions as far as how is she so
powerful already some people might be
saying well wait a minute she picks up a
lightsaber and she's just able to get
the best of kylo Ren she is able to just
out of nowhere
start using mind tricks on stormtroopers
effectively how is she able to do that
it was Luke using some kind of mind
trick on her to make sure that she was
hidden did he wipe her memory so and
then now it's all coming back to her we
know that Luke has been hiding out in
this island we figured that out in the
very last shot why's he been hiding
there now that Rey has found him will he
train her there is this heard a give off
is it going to be a situation where Luke
doesn't necessarily want to train her we
have learned in this movie that it went
south for him when kylo Ren turned
against him and killed all of his
students so he's he very hesitant to
train Rey a big question on the table is
Luke Skywalker raised father there are a
lot of hints throughout this movie that
one could think that Ray was left on the
planet of jakku by Luke Skywalker when
Rey picks up the lightsaber and visions
start to appear in her head and you see
her as a little girl and she's looking
up at a pilot taking off Luke Skywalker
was a pilot by the way just saying and
in that time she was left there it looks
like she was being protected maybe Luke
left her there on purpose to protect her
and when they see each other at the very
end there's a recognition of Luke seeing
ray but also Princess Leia or general
Leia greets Rey and hugs her up until
that point they had not met they had
never seen each other
how does Leia know ray at that moment I
think it's because she knows that is her
niece I think this is why we already saw
in the force awakens cousin versus
cousin we'll find out I think in Episode
eight for sure maybe right off the bat
that this is indeed Luke's daughter this
has always been a Skywalker story from
episode 1 up and
episode six and now right into Episode
seven the Skywalker's it is a soap opera
the Skywalker's are these stars of this
soap opera so there is more to come in
the Skywalker's storyline what is it
gonna be
thank you for watching burning questions
we still have about the force awakens
I'm Kristian harloff and I want to know
what you guys think what questions do
you have comment in the comment section
below and let us know exactly what you
think subscribe to this channel make
sure you share this video and let's get
the Star Wars conversation start
you